Docs: Added Uploading to experimental and nav (#474)
carbon-design-system/carbon-website: src/pages/experimental/uploading/index.mdx

---
title: Uploading
---

> ### Transferring a resource from a local system to a remote system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<PageDescription>

Transferring a resource from a local system to a remote system.

</PageDescription>
```

> <ImageComponent cols="8">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Row>
<Column colLg={8}>
```

The `<ImageComponent>` was deprecated with the release of our Gatsby theme. You can now just place the image in an 8 column wrapper. This docs site has more detail about the new components: https://gatsby-theme-carbon.now.sh/components/markdown#images

> ![Contextual image](images/1.png)

Reviewer: I commented about this on your other PR, but we want to use more detailed alt text for visually impaired readers using screen readers.

> </ImageComponent>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
</Column>
</Row>
```

## Things to consider

> - Is the action uploading or is it importing?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Is the action uploading or is it [importing](/experimental/import-pattern)?
```

- Where is the upload action performed?

> - How many items will the user need to upload at any one time? The UI shell is designed to be configurable. A product or platform can choose which shell components and configurations to use, based on their user and information requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- How many items will the user need to upload at any one time? The [UI shell](/components/UI-shell-header/usage) is designed to be configurable. A product or platform can choose which shell components and configurations to use based on their user and information requirements.
```

#### Options

<AnchorLinks>

<AnchorLink>Overview</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Upload methods</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Bulk upload</AnchorLink>

</AnchorLinks>

## Overview

> The action of uploading should always be the result of a user action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Uploading should always be the result of a user action.
```

> The action of uploading a file could be done by selecting an action button

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Uploading a file can be done by selecting an action button
```
I wonder why the text wraps onto a new line like this. Was this intentional?
